Generic Support: Figure out a way to enforce "based on selections from the Primary Unit"
Well Supported Rule: Figure out a way to enforce "based on selections from the other Support Unit"
Stripped Down: To do; must be implemented at the model library level (in North, South, Peace River).
Older Equipment: To do; Rule SE exists in game system, but choice logic must be implemented at the catalog level.
The Best Money Can Buy (North):
The Best Money Can Buy (Caprice): Just needs to require the Elite Army option in the appropriate sub-list.
Prospectors: To do; add "Climbers +1TV" to all walkers in North library, hidden by sub-list rule from the system.
Local Production: To do; choice logic must be implemented at the catalog level.
Hackers: To do.
Fighting Staff Upgrade: To do; must implement SE, and logic for hiding and cost in the library.
Prestige Weapon: See Fighting Staff Upgrade.
Inspirational: To do; rule must be visible, but this rule doesn't affect the roster. 
Warrior Monks: See Fighting Staff Upgrade.
Conscripts: Double-check South library to include the Conscripts SE upgrade if this rule is present.
Second Line: To do; rule must be visible, and Elite Army option should be hidden in the appropriate sub-list.
Leaders: To do; Upgrade SE must be implemented in the South Library, logic depending from the presence of the rule.
Specialized Training: To do; rule must be visible, but this rule doesn't affect the roster.
Family Connections: To do; Requirement must be implemented in the Code SE in the Game System.
Allies: To do; all libraries need catagories with the faction name, all models need the appropriate categories, and then logic must be implemented in the appropriate sub-lists to restrict the availability of models based on that category; see logic in Limited: choices. Perhaps a faction entry could be added to the Code entry.
Police State: To do; logic to increment Max in Roster Veteran Unit constraint if choice includes Limited:MP.
Armories: To do; add logic to upgrade in game system.
Political Appointees: To do; add logic to upgrade in game system.
Basilisk Upgrade: To do; add Upgrade SE to South Library.
Special Issue: To do; unsure how to implement across multiple allies.
Police State: To do; changes to the Peace River library to include a "Police Issue" profile that removes RPs and adds +Shield:1; hiding logic to implement based on presence of the rule.
High Tech: To do; must add categories for Advanced and Missile weapons (ideally to all appropriate models in each library); logic for this will need to be in the game system.
Secure Zone: To do; unsure how to implement.
Best of the Best: To do; rule must be visible, but this rule doesn't affect the roster.
Elite Force: To do; see if GP can be hidden from code based on rule presence.
Air Mobile: To do; must add upgrade SE to all non- GP-only models in library.
Port Arthur GREL Allies: To do; must add "NuCoal Ballistic upgrade" SE in CEF library, hidden based on this rule.
Team Play: To do; handled through catalog rules.
Walk or Fly: handled through catalog rules.
Advanced Weapons: To do; add a modifier to the library based on the existence of the game system rule in the sub-list catalog.
Transition Forces: To do; no significant changes necessary.
Hovertank Commander:
Pathfinders: To do; this rule doesn't affect the roster.
Observers: To do; Not yet sure how to implement.
Licensed Fabication: To do; implemented through standard unit selection.
Test Pilots: To do; will need to implement changes in the upgrades section of the game system.
Fast Cavalry: To do; implement upgrade in library.
Satellite Network: To do; implement in library.
Hackers: To do; this rule doesn't affect the roster.
High Octane: To do; this rule doesn't affect the roster.
Personal Equipment: To do; this rule implies changes in the allied armies' libraries; unsure of the best way to implement.
